README.md, before:

## Smart_Mirror
 ## What is this project?
Ever wondered if our Mirror could show us date and time along with news. so i am trying to work on this only.So project i am building is a Smart mirror based on raspberry pi. Smart mirror can show  the date , time , greeting message .etc along with acting as mirror.
# Why am i building it?
So This is my first official hardware project. i am so excited for this .i wanted to build something which can help me learn hardware and engineering with linux environment as well. So i was looking for the project that teaches me both .So i decided to work on this Smart mirror based on raspberry pi .This smart mirror will help me start day more organized,show weather, calender etc .i had earlier decided to do the project but becasue of the lack of the sufficient material i was unable to make ..Thanks to hackclub for this Amazing concept to help the geeks to learn by providing guidance and grant. i am excited to work on this project so It would be great learning and fun working on this project.

## What will it show?
It will show :-

Greeting Message

Time

Date

Temperature

upcoming calendar events

News

more features can be added by including the api in it.

# Current stage
Currently i am designing and prototyping stage where i am exploring how i can build it in efficient manner

Commit message:

Update README with grant application status
Added information about grant application and excitement for the project.

README.md, after:

## Smart_Mirror
 ## What is this project?
Ever wondered if our Mirror could show us date and time along with news. so i am trying to work on this only.So project i am building is a Smart mirror based on raspberry pi. Smart mirror can show  the date , time , greeting message .etc along with acting as mirror.
# Why am i building it?
So This is my first official hardware project. i am so excited for this .i wanted to build something which can help me learn hardware and engineering with linux environment as well. So i was looking for the project that teaches me both .So i decided to work on this Smart mirror based on raspberry pi .This smart mirror will help me start day more organized,show weather, calender etc .i had earlier decided to do the project but becasue of the lack of the sufficient material i was unable to make ..Thanks to hackclub for this Amazing concept to help the geeks to learn by providing guidance and grant. i am excited to work on this project so It would be great learning and fun working on this project.

## What will it show?
It will show :-

Greeting Message

Time

Date

Temperature

upcoming calendar events

News

more features can be added by including the api in it.

# Current stage
Currently i am designing and prototyping stage where i am exploring how i can build it in efficient manner.
I have now applied for the grant and waiting for it to get approved as soon as possible as it is kaing me very excited to work on.
